want to know what's heating up in
theaters this weekend the place where
Memphis science me monster sticks is a
team of explorers land on an uncharted
island inhabited by monsters in Kong
skyline
whoever died first was on the other side
here in personal shopper Kristen Stewart
believe she can contact the dead but is
it all just really her imagination I
love I can't tell whether or not I'm
going crazy a vegan forced to eat raw
meat during a college hazing ritual
discovers she has an appetite for flesh
in more ways than one
in raw see what's hot in theaters with
this week's anticipation
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]